README.md, before:

# 99 Scala Problems (and Solutions)

![ci-badge][]


To make this work you need to ...

- run `./mill test`

The solutions feature ...

- solving the problems
- using [mill][] as a build tool
- using [munit-scalacheck][] to test the solutions
- using [scalafmt][] to format the code
- using Github Actions to CI/CD the solutions
- using [scala-logging][] for logging
- using [scalafix][] for liniting
- using [scaladocs][] for documentation
- using Github Actions to publish the [documentation][] as/on Github Pages
- using [scoverage][] to generate a code-coverage report
- using Github Actions to publish the code-coverage report as/on Github Pages

[ci-badge]: https://github.com/rolandtritsch/99-scala3-problems/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg
[documentation]: https://tedn.life/99-scala3-problems
[mill]: https://mill-build.com
[munit-scalacheck]: https://scalameta.org/munit/docs/integrations/scalacheck.html
[scala-logging]: https://github.com/lightbend-labs/scala-logging
[scaladocs]: https://mill-build.com/mill/Scala_Module_Config.html#_scaladoc_config
[scalafix]: https://scalacenter.github.io/scalafix
[scalafmt]: https://scalameta.org/scalafmt
[scoverage]: https://mill-build.com/mill/contrib/scoverage.html

Commit message:

README: Add using tags to ignore tests.

README.md, after:

# 99 Scala Problems (and Solutions)

![ci-badge][]


To make this work you need to ...

- run `./mill --watch test --exclude-tags=ignore`

The solutions feature ...

- solving the problems
- using [mill][] as a build tool
- using [munit-scalacheck][] to test the solutions
- using [scalafmt][] to format the code
- using Github Actions to CI/CD the solutions
- using [scala-logging][] for logging
- using [scalafix][] for liniting
- using [scaladocs][] for documentation
- using Github Actions to publish the [documentation][] as/on Github Pages
- using [scoverage][] to generate a code-coverage report
- using Github Actions to publish the code-coverage report as/on Github Pages
- using tags to ignore tests that should not run

[ci-badge]: https://github.com/rolandtritsch/99-scala3-problems/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg
[documentation]: https://tedn.life/99-scala3-problems
[mill]: https://mill-build.com
[munit-scalacheck]: https://scalameta.org/munit/docs/integrations/scalacheck.html
[scala-logging]: https://github.com/lightbend-labs/scala-logging
[scaladocs]: https://mill-build.com/mill/Scala_Module_Config.html#_scaladoc_config
[scalafix]: https://scalacenter.github.io/scalafix
[scalafmt]: https://scalameta.org/scalafmt
[scoverage]: https://mill-build.com/mill/contrib/scoverage.html
